Notes

Actions
[ ] Dyota ask everyone for Conflict of Interest declarations
[ ] Dyota Google Drive open up for Neil Gregory

[ ] David to make contact with Peet Palm on arranging an invoice to pay for mats
[ ] David to contact Julian regarding hotel quarantine financial risk and WWA support

[ ] Chris Samios will look into the $90 cost invoiced by WAL.
[ ] Chris Samios to provide a date. Not Sunday morning before 11am

[ ] Erica to send out an action, everyone look at trophies
[ ] Erica set up discount code for tournament registration for November tournament
[ ] Erica to ask coaches on venue preferences for 2022 tournament season
[ ] Erica add to member registrations CALD questions for next year

Previous meeting 
There is a double up on points 4.4 and 5.2: Freestyle Wrestling Camp in Canberra hosted by the AIS.
Otherwise, board agrees that it is a true and accurate account of meeting. 

1.4 Matters from previous minutes
Purchase of wrestling mats from Warriors Wrestling Club
Sum unpaid; Peet Palm needs to provide an invoice to association amounting to agreed upon price of $4,000. 
Receiving bank account details to go on that invoice.
Trailer hire not paid yet.
David to make contact with Peet Palm tomorrow (Wednesday 22nd September)

On DLGSC funding
Will put in review of KPIs from DLGSCI Brett some time in October before next meeting

On High Performance Trophies
"Most outstanding female wrestler", contacted female wrestlers and they don't mind that the figurines are modelled male. 

On AMG
23rd to 29th AMG, wrestling 23rd - 24th April


1.5
$52,321 in bank balance
Financials need to get done for 2019, before starting on 2020
There is only partial visibility on transactions on the grant funding.
Grant money kept track of in Google Drive, but don't know money paid to Rick Smith

2.1
Board decides on:
    Going with split tournament structure as described by David Barns email on 25th August 2021: juniors in the morning, seniors afterwards. 
    Agree to run the Youth Nationals in WA, at the same time as the State Championships
    WWA won't be running two separate tournaments - if the Youth Nationals are to happen in WA, they will be held on the 28th of November (and not the original date of the 14th of November)
    Making an earlier start to the competition to allow for Youth Nationals proceedings

2.2

National body WAL will not be providing financial assistance

Hotel quarantine costs could be $3,000 for a two-week duration

Known names of potential Commonwealth Games Qualifier entrants: Tom Banrs, Taylor Pickering, Carl Jankowitz, Julian Giustiano, Amy Teo, Michele Fragomeni, Nima Behrouz, Marcus Carney
Currently 15 registrations, but names are unknown - need to put in the name to see if they've registered
There is likely 10 wrestlers going from WA - potentially $30,000 risk, not including coach and/or manager

Setting a precedent is a worry.

Julian has a very strong case to nominate without competing in the qualifiers.


Chris B in the past high performance program 
a fully funded
b 50% funded
c recognised but self fund

However, look at past performance at state comps.
Look at who the top wrestlers are.

Erica: 
    can't offer funding
    It's a hypothetical cost
    Much rather help in seeking individual sponsors
        e.g. letters of support

Chris B: 
    wrestle-off
    auction off quarantine funding

David: offer a repayment plan e.g. SA govt
    hardship

Erica: no to fully funding
Chris B.: set aside 4x $3,000

Due to announsing conflict of interest, Dyota, David, Carlize, Chris Samios, abstain from voting prior to decision, all remain in the room. Erica and Chris B. to make decision, which the board will support.
Defer decision. 
David to contact Julian.

2.3
[ ] Chris Samios will look into the $90 cost invoiced by WAL.

2.4
Majella School as venue
[ ] Chris Samios to provide a date. Not Sunday morning before 11am
Incentives: free training is difficult
$25 waive WAL membership
[ ] Ticket discount code for tournament registration if you attend
[ ] Parent, kid is free

Discount code possible through Revolutionise

2.5

2.6 Storage options
Buy time - temporary storage at Majella School until the next tournament: 28th Nov
The mats will need to be removed from the hall in Majella on 15th October. If they need to be temporarily moved and incur cost, the association will reimburse

3.1 
Erica to ask coaches on venue preferences for 2022 tournament season

3.2
AMG
Lower sport fee
MEMBER of WWA, free
not a member WAL, $25 sport fee (need to be a member of WWA)

4.4
[ ] Distribute SportsWest minutes in minutes

4.6
[ ] add to member registrations CALD questions for next year

4.7 Neil Gregory has moved club again


Next meeting will be Tuesday 19th of October at 7pm

meeting closed 8.40pm
